[Music]
Psalm 12 to the chief musician on an 8
strained heart a psalm of David
help Lord the godly man ceases for the
faithful disappear from among the sons
of men they speak idly everyone with his
neighbor with flattering lips and a
double heart they speak
may the Lord cut off all flattering lips
and the tongue that speaks proud things
who have said with our tongue we will
prevail our lips are our own who is lord
over us for the oppression of the poor
for the sighing of the needy now I will
arise says the Lord I will set him in
the safety for which he yearns the words
of the Lord are pure words like silver
tried in a furnace of Earth purified
seven times you shall keep them O Lord
you shall preserve them from this
generation for ever the wicked prowl on
every side when vileness is exalted
among the sons of men
[Music]